Improve README (#142)
VirtusLab/akka-serialization-helper: CONTRIBUTING.md

sbt doc
```

### Running

> If some changes are made we can test it by publishing it to the local Maven repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If some changes are made, you can test them by publishing it to the local Maven repository
```
